# List of Announcements

## Purpose of this Guide

This guide describes and explains to better understand the different
types of announcements which the caller will hear when navigating within
the company's IVR.

### Welcome Message

An introduction message is played that briefly describes the queue name
and sends the caller to the IVR.

### Blocked Phone Number

The number the call arrived from is registered on the blacklist of the
company, therefore the caller is transferred back to the queue to be
connected to an agent.

### Empty Phone Number

The system is not able to recognize the phone number from which the call
arrived. The call is transferred back to the queue phone number
specified for the service queue.

### Collect Number

The phone number to schedule the callback on should be entered if it is
different from the calling number.

### Enter the Phone Number Again

If the number was entered incorrectly, the system prompts the caller to
enter it again.

### Error Message

If offering a callback is not possible for some reasons, the system will
transfer the call to the next available agent.

### Schedule Successful or Unsuccessful

If a callback request has been placed by the caller, the system will
ensure them of its successfulness. If unsuccessful, the caller is sent
back to queue to be connected to an agent. 

### Offer Callback Menu

This option offers the callback request to the caller which can be
either accepted or not. If not accepted, the caller is sent back to the
queue to to be connected to an agent.

### Expected Wait Time

The expected wait time is announced. Estimated wait time is measures the
time within the caller can be connected to an agent. The time announced
is based on historical data.

### Phone Number Announcement

The system detects the phone number from which the call arrived and
announces it to the caller. The caller has to confirm if the number is
correct.

### Offer to Change Phone Number

The system offers the caller the possibility to specify another phone
number for the callback than the one detected. If not entered correctly,
the caller is transferred back to the queue to be connected to an agent.

### Timeslot Options

The caller is presented with a selection of hourly timeslots to choose
from for the callback. The system offers the next 3 available slots, the
3 closest to the time of the call according to the time slots and
opening hours defined in the admin portal.

### Timeslot Book Successful or Unsuccessful

If a schedule time has been specified, the system will ensure the caller
of its successfulness. If not successful, the caller is transferred back
to the queue to be connected to an agent.

### Phone Number Input Error

The phone number defined during the callback request is incorrect or not
recognizable and the schedule is not possible. The caller is transferred
back to the queue to be connected to an agent.

### Record Name

If the feature is enabled, the system offers the possibility to record
the customer's name or somewhat of an identification. The recording can
be stopped by pressing the \# (hash) sign. A confirmation is requested
from the caller to which the following responses are available: press 1
to continue the call, pressing 2 will replay the recording, and to
re-record the name press 3.

### Timeslots - Offer More Slots

If none of the offered timeslots is acceptable for the caller, the
system allows to specify the schedule request to an other slot. Pressing
4 can make it possible.

### Timeslots - Offer CWA

The system will place a callback as soon as an agent is available if the
caller presses 5.

### Enter Account Number

The account identification number of the caller should be entered.

### Not Entered Enough Digits

The account number is too short and has to be entered again.

### Entered Too Many Digits

The account number is too long and has to be entered again.

### You've Entered This Account Number

The system repeats the account number entered by the contact.

### Is This Account Number Correct?

Confirmation of the account number entered by the contact. If not
correct, the caller is transferred back to the call to be connected to
an agent.

### Menu Offer Switch

This option offers to request a callback during the call flow. The
contact can request either a CWA call, or a callback at a later time.
